Related-List/README.md, before:

Related List Example
====================

This is an example of building up a Visualforce page that works like a related list and can be embedded in a standard page layout. The steps do not necessarily build on each other directly (some code is replaced or removed between steps) but instead show a logical progression of thinking, starting from the basics and adding features along the way.

Additions to the code are indicated by "NEW CODE" in the corresponding comments.

##Step 1
A super simple, functionally limited page that simply displays a maximum of five contacts related to an account, filtered with a basic SOQL where clause.

##Step 2
Replacement of the basic query with a publicly visible standard set controller. It's a public variable so that it's methods can be accessed directly from the Visualforce page. Although `GetRecords()` is visible, it returns a list of SObject instances, so we use a controller method to cast (cast means to treat one object type as another) that list into a list of contacts.

At this point, things may look more complicated, but using the standard set controller makes many other things easier in the steps ahead.


More to come soon!

Commit message:

Changed code to reflect a more useful use case - displaying opportunities on a Contact layout, where the contact being viewed is the primary contact.

Related-List/README.md, after:

Related List Example
====================

This is an example of building up a Visualforce page that works like a related list and can be embedded in a standard page layout. The steps do not necessarily build on each other directly (some code is replaced or removed between steps) but instead show a logical progression of thinking, starting from the basics and adding features along the way.

Additions to the code are indicated by "NEW CODE" in the corresponding comments.

##Step 1
A super simple, functionally limited page that simply displays a maximum of five opportunities, where the contact being worked with is the primary contact.

##Step 2
Replacement of the basic query with a publicly visible standard set controller. It's a public variable so that it's methods can be accessed directly from the Visualforce page. Although `GetRecords()` is visible, it returns a list of SObject instances, so we use a controller method to cast (cast means to treat one object type as another) that list into a list of opportunities.

At this point, things may look more complicated, but using the standard set controller makes many other things easier in the steps ahead.


More to come soon!
